As shown, Singlish has a different standard of English,
making it difficult for the rest of the world to understand.
This brought the attention of the government,
as Singlish had decreased the country's overall English standards.
They were concerned Singlish would hinder Singapore's economic development.
So the government launched the Speak Good English movement
to try and improve English standards and eliminate Singlish.
The campaign, however, was not well received by some Singaporeans.
As Singlish helped them to maintain solidarity and friendships among themselves,
supporters felt that he has become a national identity and should not be abolished.